Chris Adkins: Hi, my name is Chris Adkins, Vice President of Franchise Development at The UPS Store.
Chris Adkins: Thank you for visiting our site to learn more about our Store in Store opportunity.
Chris Adkins: There are many things that make The UPS Store an exceptional franchise.
Chris Adkins: First, franchise prospects understand that we have a proven business model that's been growing
Chris Adkins: for over 35 years. The training, operational and marketing support we provide our owners
Chris Adkins: is relevant and on point in today’s environment.
Chris Adkins: Combine what you have already learned about our franchise with a world-recognized, world-class brand
Chris Adkins: like UPS, and you can understand why people feel compelled to open their own The UPS Store.
Chris Adkins: While you may be most familiar with the traditional store you may find in a grocery-anchored
Chris Adkins: shopping center, many folks don’t know we have stores in universities, hotels, convention centers,
Chris Adkins: and most recently we are offering our Store in Store model to qualified retail locations.
Chris Adkins: Now retail business owners have the opportunity to place a The UPS Store inside of their retail location.
Chris Adkins: These owners have told us that having a The UPS Store in their retail location drives more customers
Chris Adkins: into their store which provides additional sales opportunities for their own business.
Chris Adkins: The UPS Store in an existing retail setting offers all of the services you would expect to find at any
Chris Adkins: The UPS Store, including shipping, packaging, printing and mailbox services just to name a few.
Chris Adkins: We have reduced space and equipment requirements for these environments, which can lead to a lower
Chris Adkins: entry cost compared to a traditional setting while offering complimentary services to your customers.
Chris Adkins: If you have a hardware store, your customers can print and mail invitations for their next barbeque
Chris Adkins: and pick up a propane tank at the same time. If you have a pharmacy, your customers
Chris Adkins: can ship a package to a family member or friend while filling a prescription.
Chris Adkins: Offering a one-stop shop convenient experience for your customers could be
Chris Adkins: a great opportunity for you, your customers, and your community.
Chris Adkins: To learn more, complete the information above so a local representative can contact you.
Chris Adkins: From rural to urban, traditional or non-traditional settings, The UPS Store may have
Chris Adkins: just what you have been looking for. Take the first step today to join The UPS Store network,
Chris Adkins: and thank you for exploring The UPS Store franchise opportunity.